---
# SWADESIC PRIVACY POLICY
---

#### [Last updated August 19, 2023]{.smallcaps} {#last-updated-august-19-2023 .unnumbered}

This privacy notice for Socially X Influencer Centric Private Limited
(doing business as Swadesic) (\"**we**,\" \"**us**,\" or \"**our**\"),
describes how and why we might collect, store, use, and/or share
(\"**process**\") your information when you use our services
(\"**Services**\"), such as when you: Download and use our mobile
application (Swadesic), or any other application of ours that links to
this privacy notice

Engage with us in other related ways, including any sales, marketing, or
events.

**Questions or concerns?** Reading this privacy notice will help you
understand your privacy rights and choices. If you do not agree with our
policies and practices, please do not use our Services. If you still
have any questions or concerns, please contact us at
[support@swadesic.com.](mailto:support@swadesic.com)

# SUMMARY OF KEY POINTS

This summary provides key points from our privacy notice, but you can
find out more details about any of these topics by clicking the link
following each key point or by using our table of contents below to find
the section you are looking for.

**What personal information do we process?** When you visit, use, or
navigate our Services, we may process personal information depending on
how you interact with us and the Services, the choices you make, and the
products and features you use. Learn more about personal information you
disclose to us.

Do we process any sensitive personal information? We do not process
sensitive personal information.

**Do we receive any information from third parties?** We do not receive
any information from third parties.

**How do we process your information?** We process your information to
provide, improve, and administer our Services, communicate with you, for
security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also
process your information for other purposes with your consent. We
process your information only when we have a valid legal reason to do
so. Learn more about how we process your information.

**In what situations and with which parties do we share personal
information?** We may share information in specific situations and with
specific third parties. Learn more about when and with whom we share
your personal information.

**How do we keep your information safe?** We have organizational and
technical processes and procedures in place to protect your personal
information. However, no electronic transmission over the internet or
information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so
we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other
unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat our security and
improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information. Learn
more about how we keep your information safe.

**What are your rights?** Depending on where you are located
geographically, the applicable privacy law may mean you have certain
rights regarding your personal information. Learn more about your
privacy rights.

**How do you exercise your rights?** The easiest way to exercise your
rights is by visiting swadesic.com, or by contacting us. We will
consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data
protection laws.

Want to learn more about what we do with any information we collect?
Review the privacy notice in full.

# WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?

## Personal information you disclose to us {#personal-information-you-disclose-to-us .unnumbered}

**In Short:** We collect personal information that you provide to us.

We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when
you register on the Services, express an interest in obtaining
information about us or our products and Services, when you participate
in activities on the Services, or otherwise when you contact us.

**Personal Information Provided by You.** The personal information that
we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us and the
Services, the choices you make, and the products and features you use.
The personal information we collect may include the following:

-   Names

-   Phone numbers

-   Email addresses

-   Mailing addresses

-   Job titles

-   Contact preferences

-   Billing addresses

-   Debit/credit card numbers

-   Usernames

-   Passwords

-   Contact or authentication data

**Sensitive Information.** We do not process sensitive information.

**Payment Data.** We may collect data necessary to process your payment
if you make purchases, such as your payment instrument number, and the
security code associated with your payment instrument. All payment data
is stored by Paytm. You may find their privacy notice link(s) here:

[https://paytm.com/company/terms-and-
conditions?company=one97&tab=terms](https://paytm.com/company/terms-and-%20conditions?company=one97&tab=terms)

**Application Data.** If you use our application(s), we also may collect
the following information if you choose to provide us with access or
permission:

*Geolocation Information.* We may request access or permission to track
location-based information from your mobile device, either continuously
or while you are using our mobile application(s), to provide certain
location-based services. If you wish to change our access or
permissions, you may do so in your device\'s settings.

*Mobile Device Access.* We may request access or permission to certain
features from your mobile device, including your mobile device\'s
camera, contacts, sms messages, storage, and other features. If you wish
to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device\'s
settings.

*Mobile Device Data.* We automatically collect device information (such
as your mobile device ID, model, and manufacturer), operating system,
version information and system configuration information, device and
application identification numbers, browser type and version, hardware
model Internet service provider and/or mobile carrier, and Internet
Protocol (IP) address (or proxy server). If you are using our
application(s), we may also collect information about the phone network
associated with your mobile device, your mobile device's operating
system or platform, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile
device's unique device ID, and information about the features of our
application(s) you accessed.

*Push Notifications.* We may request to send you push notifications
regarding your account or certain features of the application(s). If you
wish to opt out from receiving these types of communications, you may
turn them off in your device\'s settings.

This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and
operation of our application(s), for troubleshooting, and for our
internal analytics and reporting purposes.

All personal information that you provide to us must be true, complete,
and accurate, and you must notify us of any changes to such personal
information.

## Information automatically collected {#information-automatically-collected .unnumbered}

**In Short:** Some information --- such as your Internet Protocol (IP)
address and/or browser and device characteristics --- is collected
automatically when you visit our Services.

We automatically collect certain information when you visit, use, or
navigate the Services. This information does not reveal your specific
identity (like your name or contact information) but may include device
and usage information, such as your IP address, browser and device
characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs,
device name, country, location, information about how and when you use
our Services, and other technical information. This information is
primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our Services,
and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.

The information we collect includes:

*Log and Usage Data.* Log and usage data is service-related, diagnostic,
usage, and performance information our servers automatically collect
when you access or use our Services and which we record in log files.
Depending on how you interact with us, this log data may include your IP
address, device information, browser type, and settings and information
about your activity in the Services (such as the date/time stamps
associated with your usage, pages and files viewed, searches, and other
actions you take such as which features you use), device event
information (such as system activity, error reports (sometimes called
\"crash dumps\" ), and hardware settings).

*Device Data.* We collect device data such as information about your
computer, phone, tablet, or other device you use to access the Services.
Depending on the device used, this device data may include information
such as your IP address (or proxy server), device and application
identification numbers, location, browser type, hardware model, Internet
service provider and/or mobile carrier, operating system, and system
configuration information.

*Location Data.* We collect location data such as information about your
device\'s location, which can be either precise or imprecise. How much
information we collect depends on the type and settings of the device
you use to access the Services. For example, we may use GPS and other
technologies to collect geolocation data that tells us your current
location (based on your IP address). You can opt out of allowing us to
collect this information either by refusing access to the information or
by disabling your Location setting on your device. However, if you
choose to opt out, you may not be able to use certain aspects of the
Services.

# HOW DO WE PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION?

**In Short:** We process your information to provide, improve, and
administer our

Services, communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and
to comply

with law. We may also process your information for other purposes with
your consent.

We process your personal information for a variety of reasons, depending
on how you interact with our Services, including:

**To facilitate account creation and authentication and otherwise manage
user accounts.** We may process your information so you can create and
log in to your account, as well as keep your account in working order.

**To deliver and facilitate delivery of services to the user.** We may
process your information to provide you with the requested service.

**To respond to user inquiries/offer support to users.** We may process
your information to respond to your inquiries and solve any potential
issues you might have with the requested service.

**To fulfill and manage your orders.** We may process your information
to fulfill and manage your orders, payments, returns, and exchanges made
through the Services.

**To enable user-to-user communications.** We may process your
information if you choose to use any of our offerings that allow for
communication with another user.

**To request feedback.** We may process your information when necessary
to request feedback and to contact you about your use of our Services.

**To protect our Services.** We may process your information as part of
our efforts to keep our Services safe and secure, including fraud
monitoring and prevention.

**To evaluate and improve our Services, products, marketing, and your
experience.** We may process your information when we believe it is
necessary to identify usage trends, determine the effectiveness of our
promotional campaigns, and to evaluate and improve our Services,
products, marketing, and your experience.

**To identify usage trends.** We may process information about how you
use our Services to better understand how they are being used so we can
improve them.

**To comply with our legal obligations.** We may process your
information to comply with our legal obligations, respond to legal
requests, and exercise, establish, or defend our legal rights.

# WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?

**In Short:** We may share information in specific situations described
in this section and/or with the following third parties.

We may need to share your personal information in the following
situations:

**Business Transfers.** We may share or transfer your information in
connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company
assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to
another company.

**Offer Wall.** Our application(s) may display a third-party hosted
\"offer wall.\" Such an offer wall allows third-party advertisers to
offer virtual currency, gifts, or other items to users in return for the
acceptance and completion of an advertisement offer. Such an offer wall
may appear in our application(s) and be displayed to you based on
certain data, such as your geographic area or demographic information.
When you click on an offer wall, you will be brought to an external
website belonging to other persons and will leave our application(s). A
unique identifier, such as your user ID, will be shared with the offer
wall provider in order to prevent fraud and properly credit your account
with the relevant reward.

# WHAT IS OUR STANCE ON THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES?

**In Short:** We are not responsible for the safety of any information
that you share with third parties that we may link to or who advertise
on our Services, but are not affiliated with, our Services.

The Services, including our offer wall, may link to third-party
websites, online services, or mobile applications and/or contain
advertisements from third parties that are not affiliated with us and
which may link to other websites, services, or applications.
Accordingly, we do not make any guarantee regarding any such third
parties, and we will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by the
use of such third-party websites, services, or applications. The
inclusion of a link towards a third- party website, service, or
application does not imply an endorsement by us. We cannot guarantee the
safety and privacy of data you provide to any third parties. Any data
collected by third parties is not covered by this privacy notice. We are
not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and
policies of any third parties, including other websites, services, or
applications that may be linked to or from the Services. You should
review the policies of such third parties and contact

them directly to respond to your questions.

# HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?

**In Short:** We keep your information for as long as necessary to
fulfil the purposes outlined in this privacy notice unless otherwise
required by law.

We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is
necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy notice, unless a
longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax,
accounting, or other legal requirements). No purpose in this notice will
require us keeping your personal information for longer than the period
of time in which users have an account with us.

When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your
personal information, we will either delete or anonymize such
information, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your
personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will
securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further
processing until deletion is possible.

# HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?

**In Short:** We aim to protect your personal information through a
system of organizational and technical security measures.

We have implemented appropriate and reasonable technical and
organizational security measures designed to protect the security of any
personal information we process. However, despite our safeguards and
efforts to secure your information, no electronic transmission over the
Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100%
secure, so we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals,
or other unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat our
security and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your
information. Although we will do our best to protect your personal
information, transmission of personal information to and from our
Services is at your own risk. You should only access the Services within
a secure environment.

# WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?

**In Short:** You may review, change, or terminate your account at any
time.

If you are located in the EEA or UK and you believe we are unlawfully
processing [your personal information, you also have the right to
complain to your Member State data protection authority
or](https://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm)
[UK data protection
authority](https://ico.org.uk/make-a-complaint/data-protection-complaints/data-protection-complaints/)[.](https://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm)

[If you are located in Switzerland, you may contact the Federal Data
Protection and Information
Commissioner.](https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home.html)

**[Withdrawin]{.underline}g [your consent:]{.underline}** If we are
relying on your consent to process your personal information, which may
be express and/or implied consent depending on the applicable law, you
have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. You can withdraw
your consent at any time by contacting us by using the contact details
provided in the section \"HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?\"
below.

However, please note that this will not affect the lawfulness of the
processing before its withdrawal nor, when applicable law allows, will
it affect the processing of your personal information conducted in
reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.

## Account Information {#account-information .unnumbered}

If you would at any time like to review or change the information in
your account or terminate your account, you can:

Log in to your account settings and update your user account.

Upon your request to terminate your account, we will deactivate or
delete your account and information from our active databases. However,
we may retain some information in our files to prevent fraud,
troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our legal
terms and/or comply with applicable legal requirements.

If you have questions or comments about your privacy rights, you may
email us at [support@swadesic.com.](mailto:support@swadesic.com)

# CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES

Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile
applications include a Do-Not-Track (\"DNT\") feature or setting you can
activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your
online browsing activities monitored and collected. At this stage no
uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals
has been finalized. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser
signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your
choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is
adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that
practice in a revised version of this privacy notice.

# DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE?

**In Short:** Yes, we will update this notice as necessary to stay
compliant with relevant laws.

We may update this privacy notice from time to time. The updated version
will be indicated by an updated \"Revised\" date and the updated version
will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material
changes to this privacy notice, we may notify you either by prominently
posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a
notification. We encourage you to review this privacy notice frequently

to be informed of how we are protecting your information.

# HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?

If you have questions or comments about this notice, you may email us at
<support@swadesic.com> or contact us by post at:

Socially X Influencer Centric Private Limited

26-14-684, Kondayapalyem main road, Nellore, Andhra pradesh Nellore,
ANDHRA PRADESH 524004

India

# HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?

You have the right to request access to the personal information we
collect from you, change that information, or delete it. To request to
review, update, or delete your personal information, please visit:
swadesic.com.
